C. Computer Gametime limit per test3 secondsmemory limit per test256 megabytesinputstandard inputoutputstandard outputVova is playing a computer game. There are in total nn turns in the game and Vova really wants to play all of them. The initial charge of his laptop battery (i.e. the charge before the start of the game) is kk.During each turn Vova can choose what to do:   If the current charge of his laptop battery is strictly greater than aa, Vova can just play, and then the charge of his laptop battery will decrease by aa;  if the current charge of his laptop battery is strictly greater than bb (b<ab<a), Vova can play and charge his laptop, and then the charge of his laptop battery will decrease by bb;  if the current charge of his laptop battery is less than or equal to aa and bb at the same time then Vova cannot do anything and loses the game. Regardless of Vova's turns the charge of the laptop battery is always decreases.Vova wants to complete the game (Vova can complete the game if after each of nn turns the charge of the laptop battery is strictly greater than 00). Vova has to play exactly nn turns. Among all possible ways to complete the game, Vova wants to choose the one where the number of turns when he just plays (first type turn) is the maximum possible. It is possible that Vova cannot complete the game at all.Your task is to find out the maximum possible number of turns Vova can just play (make the first type turn) or report that Vova cannot complete the game.You have to answer qq independent queries.InputThe first line of the input contains one integer qq (1≤q≤1051≤q≤105) — the number of queries. Each query is presented by a single line.The only line of the query contains four integers k,n,ak,n,a and bb (1≤k,n≤109,1≤b<a≤1091≤k,n≤109,1≤b<a≤109) — the initial charge of Vova's laptop battery, the number of turns in the game and values aa and bb, correspondingly.OutputFor each query print one integer: -1 if Vova cannot complete the game or the maximum number of turns Vova can just play (make the first type turn) otherwise.ExampleInputCopy6
15 5 3 2
15 5 4 3
15 5 2 1
15 5 5 1
16 7 5 2
20 5 7 3
OutputCopy4
-1
5
2
0
1
NoteIn the first example query Vova can just play 44 turns and spend 1212 units of charge and then one turn play and charge and spend 22 more units. So the remaining charge of the battery will be 11.In the second example query Vova cannot complete the game because even if he will play and charge the battery during each turn then the charge of the laptop battery will be 00 after the last turn.